Migrate docs to the new kyma cli (#1542)
kyma-project/serverless: docs/user/tutorials/01-120-inject-envs.md

#### **Kyma CLI**

> [!WARNING]

> > This sections is not compliant with the Kyma-Cli V3 yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This section is not yet compliant with Kyma CLI v3.
```
